Extending system_pricing_plans.json (#2)
MobilityData/gbfs: gbfs.md

\-&nbsp;`name` | Yes | String | Public name for this region.

### system_pricing_plans.json

> Describes pricing for the system. <br /><br />Additional proposed extensions supporting zone-dependent pricing, multi-unit pricing, and price capping can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xzC0nS3M-ora32k5RbfhFCsfZp4B-wVKK2-pOokpxmQ/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: I wouldn't include this sentence/link here, because this won't be part of the official proposal to change the spec. But I'd definitely include it in the PR description.

Field Name | Required | Type | Defines
---|---|---|---
`plans` | Yes | Array | Array of objects as defined below.<br /><br /> In the event of colliding plans, the earlier plan (ir order of the JSON file) takes precedence.
\-&nbsp;`plan_id` | Yes | ID | Identifier for a pricing plan in the system.
\-&nbsp;`days` | Optional | Array | An array of abbreviations (first 3 letters) of English names of the days of the week when this plan is active. <br /><br /> Valid values are:<br /><br /><ul><li>`mon`</li><li>`tue`</li><li>`wed`</li><li>`thu`</li><li>`fri`</li><li>`sat`</li><li>`sun`</li></ul>If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on day of the week.
\-&nbsp;`months` | Optional | Array | An array of abbreviations (first 3 letters) of English names of the months of the year when this plan is active. <br /><br /> Valid values are: <br /><br /><ul><li>`jan`</li><li>`feb`</li><li>`mar`</li><li>`apr`</li><li>`may`</li><li>`jun`</li><li>`jul`</li><li>`aug`</li><li>`sep`</li><li>`oct`</li><li>`nov`</li><li>`dec`</li></ul>If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on month.

> \-&nbsp;`start_time` | Conditionally Required | Time | Time of the day when this plan starts being active. <br /><br /> If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on time of day.<br /><br />Conditionally Required: Required if `system_pricing_plans.end_time` is provided. Optional otherwise.

Reviewer: I think the goal here is that if start_time is required, then end_time is required too, and vice versa? You can't have one of the fields without the other? If so I think this text is clearer:

```suggestion
\-&nbsp;`start_time` | Conditionally Required | Time | Time of the day when this plan starts being active. <br /><br /> If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on time of day.<br /><br />Conditionally Required: `start_time` and `end_time` must both be populated, or both be omitted  - feeds cannot contain one field without the other.
```

> \-&nbsp;`end_time` | Conditionally Required | Time | Time of the day when this plan stops being active. <br /><br /> If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on time of day.<br /><br />Conditionally Required: Required if `system_pricing_plans.start_time` is provided. Optional otherwise.

Reviewer: Same as above:

```suggestion
\-&nbsp;`end_time` | Conditionally Required | Time | Time of the day when this plan stops being active. <br /><br /> If this field is empty, the plan does not vary depending on time of day.<br /><br />Conditionally Required: `start_time` and `end_time` must both be populated, or both be omitted  - feeds cannot contain one field without the other.
```

\-&nbsp;`vehicle_type_id` | Optional | Array | `vehicle_type_id` of the vehicle eligible for this pricing plan as described in [vehicle_types.json](#vehicle_typesjson-added-in-v21-rc).<br /><br />If this field is empty, the plan applies to all vehicle types defined in the dataset.<br /><br />In the case of a vehicle type being attributed to different plans, all plans associated with the vehicle type are valid.   
\-&nbsp;`url` | Optional | URL | URL where the customer can learn more about this pricing plan.
\-&nbsp;`name` | Yes | String | Name of this pricing plan.
\-&nbsp;`currency` | Yes | String | Currency used to pay the fare. <br /><br /> This pricing is in ISO 4217 code: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217 <br />(e.g. `CAD` for Canadian dollars, `EUR` for euros, or `JPY` for Japanese yen.)

> \-&nbsp;`price` | Yes | Non-negative float OR String | Fare price, in the unit specified by currency. If String, must be in decimal monetary value.<br /><br />In case of non-variable price, this field is the total price. In case of variable price, this field is the base price that is charged only once per trip (e.g., price for unlocking).

Reviewer: I would add "See `variable_price` for details."

&emsp;\-&nbsp;`variable_unit` | Yes | Enum | Unit of the rate.<br /><br />Valid issues are:<br /><br /><ul><li>`km`</li><li>`min`</li><li>`hour`</li><li>`day`</li><li>`week`</li></ul>Each variable_unit can be used only once in the array `variable_price`.
&emsp;\-&nbsp;`rate_segments` | Conditionally Required | Array | Array of the rate in increasing order. Each `rate_segment` defines one rate per `variable_unit` of riding in the pricing plan currency. The variable price become the sum of `rate_segment` prices. A `rate_segment` price depends on the rate per `variable_unit` elapsed.<br /><br />At least one `rate_segment` or `flat_segment` is required.
&emsp;&emsp;\-&nbsp;`start` | Optional | Non-Negative Integer | Number of units that have to elapse before this segment starts applying.<br /><br />If this field is empty, the price issued from this segment is charged immediately upon rental.

> &emsp;&emsp;\-&nbsp;`rate` | Yes | Float | Rate that serves to calculate the variable price based on the amount of variable unites. The rate is valid for the segment. Can be a negative number.

Reviewer: `Float` isn't in the "Field Types" list at the top of the file, so I would add it as part of this PR.

I would also expand on what a negative number means here - something like:
>Can be a negative number, which indicates that the traveler will receive a discount

&emsp;\-&nbsp;`flat_segments` | Conditionally Required | Array | Array of flat prices in increasing order. Each segment defines the flat price and the interval of `variable_unit` of riding in the pricing plan currency, in which the flat price is reapplied.<br /><br />At least on `rate_segment` or `flat_segment` is required.

> &emsp;&emsp;\-&nbsp;`price` | Required | Float | Flat price charged per interval. Currency is defined by the `currency` field.

Reviewer: To be consistent in this file I guess this should be `Yes` instead of `Required`.

> &emsp;&emsp;\-&nbsp;`interval` | Required | Non-Negative Integer | Interval in `variable_unit` at which the price of this segment is charged.

Reviewer: To be consistent in this file I guess this should be `Yes` instead of `Required`.

&emsp;&emsp;\-&nbsp;`start` | Optional | Non-Negative Integer | Number of units that have to elapse before this segment starts applying.<br /><br />If this field is empty, the price issued from this segment is charged immediately upon rental.
\-&nbsp;`surge_pricing` | Optional | Non-Negative Float | Multiplier that is applied during period of increased demand. If this field is empty, there is no surge pricing.

> 

Reviewer: I'd include both examples from the Google Doc, including the verbal description above them - I think that's really important to understanding the spec.
